docs: init docusaurus, add sample pages (#20)
microsoft/griffel: apps/docs/docs/react/make-styles.md

    </div>
  );
}
```

### Nesting selector

:::caution Use with caution

One of the promises of Atomic CSS is reducing the amount of styles, however more selectors are created when nested.

:::

The `&` character references the parent selector(s):

```js
import { makeStyles } from '@griffel/react';

const useClasses = makeStyles({
  root: {
    '& .foo': { color: 'green' },
    '&.bar': { color: 'red' },
  },
});
```

Produces following CSS:

```css
.f15f830o .foo {
  color: green;
}
.fns74iw.bar {
  color: red;
}
```

:::tip

As in CSS spacing between `&` and a selector matters, [What’s the Difference?](https://css-tricks.com/whats-the-difference/)

:::

### Pseudo-classes

These rules are transformed to receive a nesting selector:

```js
import { makeStyles } from '@griffel/react';

const useClasses = makeStyles({
  root: {
    ':active': { color: 'pink' },
    ':hover': { color: 'blue' },
    // 💡 :link, :focus, etc. are also supported

    ':nth-child(2n)': { backgroundColor: '#fafafa' },
  },
});
```

```css
.fqsesyh:active {
  color: pink;
}
.f10q6zxg:hover {
  color: blue;
}
.fnbrw4x:nth-child(2n) {
  background-color: #fafafa;
}
```

### `:global()` selector

> Another useful feature is `:global()` selector, it allows connecting local styles with global selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another useful feature is `:global()` selector, it associates local styles with global selectors.
```

Not really sure if this is better WDYT ?

```ts
import { makeStyles } from '@griffel/react';

const useClasses = makeStyles({
  root: {
    ':global(html[data-whatintent="mouse"])': { backgroundColor: 'yellow' },
  },
});
```

```css
html[data-whatintent='mouse'] .f1xz3i88 {
  background-color: yellow;
}
```

> ### At-rules

Reviewer: nit: these's no example output for at-rules

> `@media` & `@supports` queries are also supported:

Reviewer: nit: should we have example output for @media and @support query example you have here ?

Author: Yeah, will add it 👍
